I don't agree, Grandma.
Are you not famous?
Grandma, this is a little doctor
Besides, Hu Zuzong's disease has not been cured.
Even if he is cured
You can't hand over the Wu family to Wu Siyao either?
But your granddaughter
I am a grandson
This property
How can there be a reason to pass on granddaughters but not grandchildren?
Stop talking.
I've decided, you're so old and confused, you
What are you talking about, Wu De?
How do you talk to grandma?
What is it that is not an old fool?
As long as I am here in the future
It is impossible for the Wu family to hand it over to Wu Siyao
book book
From today onwards
I take back all your shares in the Wu family
You get out of here now
I can roll
But I'll tell you what.
There is absolutely no way I will let you
One by one
Go get something, you are so gone
Don't be angry.
It's not worth getting angry at such a person.
Is it really a fake door?